welcome to module 2 lesson five
quarterly optimizations in this lesson
we're going to cover the quarterly
optimizations you should be implementing
in your Google ad account to turn clicks
into profits let's open up our
optimization workflow template and jump
back into it all right so quarterly
optimizations this is going to be a
short lesson we've got two core things
that we need to focus on number one is
competitor analysis it's a good best
practice to get in the habit of uh
reviewing your competitors once a
quarter so that way you can see any new
keywords any new ads the landing pages
that they've launched so you can add
them to your inspiration list template
in addition to this you could also uh
take the time once a quarter to not just
look at competitors but other companies
that you look up to so anybody that you
have in your inspiration list template
that you draw inspiration from in terms
of hey I like how they approach landing
pages or copy or ads or whatever the
case might be you can use this quarterly
time to look that up uh just for the
sake of demonstration if I was looking
into monday.com I can come here look
them up in a tool like sem rush and then
I can see what keywords they're bidding
on I can come to add copies and uh I can
adjust my date range to get a sent of
the most recent ads and I can see what
are they bidding on and then I can click
through to the URLs to also see the the
lighting Pages as well that they're
driving traffic towards so this is a a
great way for you to just once a quarter
you can create a Google Calendar
reminder on your um on your gcal and
then just tag yourself so that way once
a quarter you know okay it's time to do
a refresh of uh competitive review or
just you know any other folks that you
want to review to just get more
inspiration and and you know kind of see
what's going on in addition to this
we're going to want to make sure that
we're reviewing our goals and our
quarterly pipeline impact this one's
kind of a given and it and it just kind
of will happen because usually in the
B2B world right every quarter we're
doing uh qbrs and we're like kind of
analys we're doing reporting in terms of
what's we and reporting to the business
but you want to make sure that you're
doing that uh you're reviewing your
goals and your quarterly pipeline impact
from Google ads on a quarterly basis so
the week over week is like a pulse it's
very erratic and it just changes like
crazy but the month over month should be
a little bit more consistent you're
going to have good months and bad months
it's part of the process but ideally the
quarter over quarter continues to Trend
in the right direction in a perfect
world so your action item for this
lesson is to look over the quarterly
optimizations and apply the ones that
are applicable to you and if you have
any questions at all you can always
reach out to us and we can add more
context to this module add additional
things that you feel like might be
missing and uh we appreciate all your
feedback and support if you received a
ton of value so far please share acting
version with your friends or colleagues
leave a testimonial or anything you can
do to help spread the word thank you so
much I'll see in the next one
[Music]